= Arrrpi Gem Builder

Firstly, read: http://arrrpi.posterous.com/what-is-the-arrrpi-service

Hello again. So in short, this library will turn your microformatted documentation and turn it into a basic working wrapper for that API.

At the moment everything is very experiment. For the time being the most up to date method of writing your documentation will be in the example directory. We are currently working on better documentation. Hold tight :)

== Example

	# Grab the HTML
	html = File.read("embedit_api.html")

	# Where we want to write our wrapper to
	gem_dir = "gem/file"

	# Build the gem
	ArpiGemBuilder::Generator.new(html).generate(gem_dir)

	# Lets use our new wrapper...
	require "gem/file/embedit/lib/embedit"

	Embedit::Urls.get_embed_code("http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OBlgSz8sSM")
		#=> some JSON

The base of the wrappers are built with Jeweler:http://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler so you can cd into the base directory and run

	rake gem build
	rake gem install
	rake release
	etc... run rake -T for a full list

== TODO

* Write the Embedit API documentation so it actually works with the service
* Write tests
* Work with basic auth
* CLI interface
* Let user specify HTTP lib
* Let user specify test framework

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Arrrpi. See LICENSE for details.
